---
layout: page
title: Positions
header: Positions
group: navigation
---
<br/>

## Open Positions

### Doctoral positions in engineering education and data science


MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: (I) Ph.D. and/or postdoctoral training in an area related
to computational biology, biostatistics, genome biology and drug discovery.
(II) Several years of experience with data analysis programming using
R/Bioconductor and/or Python. (III) High-level of proficiency in analyzing
high-throughput data, such as Next Generation Sequences (NGS) or other
large-scale assays. (IV) Ability to translate scientific data into biologically
relevant knowledge. (V) Strong publication record.

OTHER HANDS-ON EXPERIENCE: (i) Data analysis programming environments for
reproducible research. (ii) R/Bioconductor package development. (ii)
Familiarity with parallelization strategies of data analysis tasks on computer
clusters.

APPLICATION: To apply, please email your CV, statement of
research interests and names of at least three references to Thomas Girke
(thomas.girke@ucr.edu).

### Additional information

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action
Employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of
excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age,
disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by
law. 

### Undergraduate research positions

Several postions are available for undergraduate students who are interested in
participating in challenging genome data science projects in various research
areas in biology and drug discovery. The required skills are experience with
data analysis programming languages such as R, Python and C++. Experience with
open-source databases (MySQL/PostgreSQL) and web programming is also a plus.
The minimum time commitment is 15-20h per week for a period of at least 18
months. Full-time employment during the summer break is possible. To apply for
these positions, please email your CV with a detailed outline of your
computational skills to thomas.girke@ucr.edu.  

<!-- 

## Filled Positions

### Postdoctoral position in genome data science

This position is about the development of integrative analysis methods for
multidimensional data sets from a variety of high-throughput technologies and
their implementation in form of R/Bioconductor packages.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
(I) Ph.D. and/or postdoctoral training in an area related to computational
biology, biostatistics and genome biology. (II) Several years of experience
with R/Bioconductor package development including programming in C/C++. (III)
High-level of proficiency in analyzing multi-omics data, including
transcriptomics, bioassay and comparative genomics data. (IV) Strong
publication record. OTHER HANDS-ON EXPERIENCE: (i) Data analysis programming
environments for reproducible research. (ii) Parallelization of data analysis
tasks on computer clusters. (iii) Experience with Python, database and web
service development is also a plus. To apply for this position, please email
your CV, statement of research interests and names of at least three references
to Thomas Girke (thomas.girke@ucr.edu).

### Postdoctoral position in cheminformatics

This position requires experience in computational chemistry, drug discovery,
QSAR/phramacophore modeling and data mining with strong publications records in
several of these areas. The candidate should be proficient in at least one of
the common programming languages that are used in cheminformatics: C, Python,
Java, Perl or R. Experience with web and database programming is also
beneficial. To apply for this position, please email your CV and a statement of
research interests to thomas.girke@ucr.edu.  

### Postdoctoral position in genome data science

This position is about the development of integrative analysis methods for
multidimensional data sets from a variety of high-throughput technologies and
their implementation in form of R/Bioconductor packages.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
(I) Ph.D. and/or postdoctoral training in an area related to computational
biology, biostatistics and genome biology. (II) Several years of experience
with R/Bioconductor package development including programming in C/C++. (III)
High-level of proficiency in analyzing multi-omics data, including
transcriptomics, bioassay and comparative genomics data. (IV) Strong
publication record. OTHER HANDS-ON EXPERIENCE: (i) Data analysis programming
environments for reproducible research. (ii) Parallelization of data analysis
tasks on computer clusters. (iii) Experience with Python, database and web
service development is also a plus. To apply for this position, please email
your CV, statement of research interests and names of at least three references
to Thomas Girke (thomas.girke@ucr.edu).

### Postdoctoral position in cheminformatics

This position requires experience in computational chemistry, drug discovery,
QSAR/phramacophore modeling and data mining with strong publications records in
several of these areas. The candidate should be proficient in at least one of
the common programming languages that are used in cheminformatics: C, Python,
Java, Perl or R. Experience with web and database programming is also
beneficial. To apply for this position, please email your CV and a statement of
research interests to thomas.girke@ucr.edu.  


### Additional information

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action
Employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of
excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age,
disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by
law. 


## Filled Positions

### Postdoctoral position in genome data science

This position is about the development of integrative analysis methods for
multidimensional data sets from a variety of next generation sequencing (NGS)
technologies and their implementation in form of R/Bioconductor packages.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: (I) Ph.D. and/or postdoctoral training in an area
related  to computational biology, biostatistics and genome biology. (II)
Several years of experience with R/Bioconductor package development including
programming in C/C++. (III) High-level of proficiency in analyzing NGS data,
including RNA-Seq, ChIP-Seq, Methyl-Seq, VAR-Seq, etc. (IV) Strong publication
record. OTHER HANDS-ON EXPERIENCE: (i) Data analysis programming
environments for reproducible research. (ii) Parallelization of data analysis
tasks on computer clusters. (iii) Experience with Python, database and web
service development is also a plus. To apply for this position, please email
your CV, statement of research interests and names of at least three references
to Thomas Girke (thomas.girke@ucr.edu).

### Web Application Programmer

Development of web services for data science research applications that will be
deployed in the cloud using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Google Cloud
Platform (GCP). Includes design of relational databases, big data processing on
Linux-based high-performance computing (HPC) systems and web development with
Django/Python. Position is tightly integrated into a large team of researchers
working in diverse areas. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: At least 3 years of
professional experience in the following areas: (a) programming in Python,
JavaScript and related technologies, such as HTML and CSS; (b) programming
under Linux OSs including bash programming; (c) web service development under
Django and/or similar web development platforms; (d) social coding and version
control system such as GitHub. OTHER ESSENTIAL EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 2 years
of professional experience with (a) open source SQL databases such as
PostgreSQL; (b) cloud platforms including Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or
Google Cloud Platform (GCP); (c) configuration and administration of web
servers using Apache or similar. To apply for this position, please follow
the instructions on iRecruit [here](https://goo.gl/7LfHhW).

### Postdoctoral position in comparative genomics

This position requires several years of experience in computational biology,
statistics, database design and data mining with strong publications records in
several of these areas. The candidate should be proficient in at least one of
the common programming languages that are used in bioinformatics: C, Python,
Java, Perl or R. Experience with web and database programming is also
beneficial. To apply for this position, please email your CV and a statement of
research interests to thomas.girke@ucr.edu.  


### Graduate student positions 

New graduate student positions may become available depending on funding
throughout the year. Interested students want to inquire by email about
potential openings and rotation projects.

-->


